hey guys today we're gonna get some wood
I think for this episode we should raise
money for food by doing MMA wouldn't
that be awesome little mixed martial
arts action why not you you're just
copying that Kevin James movie here
comes the boom cuz you just saw the
trailer or something didn't you no I
have no idea what you're talking about
then why does that thing sound exactly
like the trailer I don't even know what
trailer you're talking about oh yeah I
stole the preview screen yeah I may I
may have seen this before the cut
forty-eight thousand dollars or raise
the money see he's gonna raise the money
just like you did oh but does does he
want to raise money the same way that I
want to raise money for myself Oh
through through fighting Oh see does
that sound familiar you guys I do I want
make money today at UFC all right oh oh
damn he guy's ass kicked you really
think you can do better yeah all right
let me show you an idea yeah i'll show
you my sweet MMA moves let's do it you
got your pink gloves on all right first
you got it you gotta get really manic
you got to give it a backstory get-go
use you call my mom and ugly person oh
wow here's my double punch good but bear
hug to ground are you sure you're being
that up or making love to it alright
show us what you got son
oh wow I took it down yes you did looks
like you're about to take it out to
dinner or something this is what
happened oh I don't know about you but
all this masterful fighting has really
worked up an appetite here we have
apparently arrived at someone's house to
eat food they're open yay what do you
think super cheese's this is just like a
bunch of cheese see me some of that hot
leg and don't touch that it says don't
touch that air-conditioning unit oh hey
Anthony I see some cool no spin can I
failed oh yeah I got the food right in
between my crouch this cold car smells
like onions now you got onion rings this
place is so baller they don't give you
catch up packets they give you catch up
cups is that awesome or what entering
the garage entering the garage stand
under dang ok daddy what are you doing
what are you doing eating one of your
bag leurs no I for I I got such a random
assortment things fries a taco and a hot
bag like oh the hot dogs all stuck to
this look at my chili dog what does that
look like you I hope it tastes as good
as it looks first bite of this
delicious-looking chili dog no first
bite a smashed hot dog dip dip dip in to
catch up hmm that looks so it's white
here Brown here is their main there
there's a little bit of me which looks
like it it looks like it could be
play-doh how's that meat paste tasting
tastes like beans putting the hot sauce
on the time yep amor on you gotta really
drench it look at that but it needs
fight in the hot it's a saga there you
go there you go that's good better
that's hot the better while you make me
put this on here how come nobody's ever
on chili onion rings are we all ready
all right for this mmm look who's
freaking huge onion ring how am I
supposed to dip that in here Anthony I
believe it's time for something okay but
first I need to find some Twitter
questions find some Twitter questions
shut up XO Raquel asks what have you
guys always been afraid of basketball
nets eels banana peels chopsticks dirt
car washes beards those random little
hairs that sometimes like grow out your
arm like hell is this hair dark when but
randomly growing there no moles or
anything is just growing a random dark
hair you know I'm talking about no one
knows what you talking about that's your
own problem I'm looking for Twitter
questions and the Twitter account is
Anthony's crack and they have a picture
of my butt crack from a video on here
did I speak as if they were your crap ya
can it's so hot down here Oh like this
always X fan girl asks would you rather
have eyeballs for nipples or be bald
forever what I still have my normal
levels that's what I was wondering or
with a replace them or would it be like
no more eyes here now either way you're
not gonna get girls so I think you're
just screwed every way but you have a
higher chance of getting girls if you
have hair think about it all the guys
with hot girls got hair mr. digital
skull asks do you smell good uh yes but
I can't say the same for Ian after
punching that punching bag I smell
fabulous well now that our food has been
devoured except for that piece of talk
up
it wasn't good what would you rate this
meal five onion breath out of eight well
I think it's time for me to go work out
so I could start joining the MMA see you
guys next Thursday maybe if I feel like
it bye birch tree and young young young
young young men